yes
Now you are all the same and today we have a
departure of fly in field I have been
playing on the map of this last map
the end game that called emb walk
flatts
as answers for hungry kim
lift flaps as well call the
the planes of the cne send and I think
which is a map re super shit for everything
unless you're in the air for real
I do not like this map, it seems to me that
a rock is ridiculous when you play
assault on this map is absolutely
idiot because that is not just because
it is called as well as the planes the plain
the mountains are back in the field of
game where are you really there's no where
It then cover you is like a party
sniper if those who defend it have
too easy to defend the points
attack and those who attack is almost
impossible to get over all
games of 64 players then I do not know
in general the map I do not like but as
everyone always make me a cold that has
some kind of balance and that 's one of
the contractions so much that
like the game have you are epic
aerial battles and they are just so
effective for the same reason as those that do not
I like to play on earth
because in the air there is no part to cover you
then when you hold onto a
enemy to fly becomes a
full question of which of the two
manages to dodge the other because there is no
big mountains if you remember
in other maps other maps are one can
fly between the mountains hide to the
part of the rivers go down and up between
the trees try to make the
enemy shock here to part of I do not know
let's say those fans the
propellers that are there in the background fly
between the propellers to see if the enemy
I'm following you on the other plane
shock really do not have much where
hide some mountains there are others that
They are very tiny, and that 's why I
love the people who ride the
plane and probably they do not know to
Sometimes I feel like the enemy of
feel like a little humiliated because
in pc I have a low level still
no no I'm not eaglet anything I think
I'm on like level 30 or something like that
then surely they should be very
chopped when they see a pilot dial
rookie grabs mounts and can not
pay
Of course I will not say that I am the best
pilot of the world for nothing the other day
rather I was with in a game in the
that on the contrary in the team
contrary in fact it was in this very
map on the opposite team the pilot
otherwise I was had was eaglet
100 and it was indestructible so I do not
I think I think I had never flown
against someone as good as that guy
it was impossible or not only the
impossible to tear down but it was
impossible to follow and the kind of
maneuvers that no longer understood how the
he did and he always stood behind me and in
Two seconds killed me or they split
I think that by the time I got fed up and
I changed equipment
lie the admin the harding of the
team exchange game because I like
is doing a lot of damage in the
plane but when they changed my team
and I was already in the team of him I think
the time was going 28 to 2 I think I do not remember
28 30 20 it was very exaggerated what
I was carrying the score in the trillions they were
as I think the game with the lowest
that I have done by plane in fact
they were not even on xbox he went on in the
compu I think it 's in play and it was like
17 to 0 before they let me down and playing
in assault on the border of on the edge
from caspian
that the truth is that it is very exaggerated what
which is done on airplanes for example
if they see me I was carrying the guided missile
of ground air was because just
a while ago I was playing assault and
I was flying in the assault plane of
what is it called up to kart and there are
land and there I do use the
missile remote control say the missile
directed from air to ground and especially
the reason is because they see as here already
he had changed the legs and the reasons
that's why it 's because it's much more
Cash see the style well
always within active and always
he saw it he tried to kill by the way here
there is one of the things that we had
talked about in other videos and sorry and
I'm a little scattered but
important there is that it is an access my
videos in one of my previous videos
of the wish list we had talked about the
dinosaurs and is that you know that
here on the floor you can find the
skeleton of a tyrannosaurus rex or some
predatory dinosaur and can find
obviously this flying dinosaur from
pterodactyl that makes you wonder if
really the people who talk there is
invented are rumors of dino survival
mode and all that
too active for the bar option 4 if
they will have done it only because they are
these 16 sister ex of the dinosaurs
that the truth I do not know I do not know
well what is the interest that is what
you can discover apart from discovering
flying
or if really already someone really does not
has in mind that it will be something
real that we are going to have in variation 4 not
I know the thing is that for me in my head
this is like aha as something that
has me super hooked in my head
and from here I think how the baron goes
field 4 will surely do great so
of the dinosaurs is that really not
I can imagine it if it was not
you know how the rumors are sometimes
one would expect something that would be too much
chiva to see and does not change what is
point of passing the epic medium managed
destroy the guy just when
it exploded the plane jumped because it swears that
to the floor and see where my plane will not
matter how dad went up or
is there a bat to explain to me what
points happened there
I run away the plane goes flying up
up and the bastard takes off or goes no
I understand if I had been the
question if I had stayed
mounted on the plane would have survived
I'm sure it definitely does not
has gone straight to the floor and here we go
coming to the end of the video my guys
it was nothing more about the lukewarm because he had
I want to fly a while this time I'm going to
do I will continue uploading videos of
airplanes and helicopters but always like this
shorties because already on other occasions I
they have said that I have a lot of feedback
people who have told me that it is boring
my aerial videos I do not know to me
like and that's why I like to upload them and
very much like in fact it is the reason
the main one by which game conquers and
especially because lately every time
that entered any game conquered
they are games of 1200 5000 points 12 and it is
desperate to see this the best way to
abandon an airplane
the truth this does not mark with missile or
it was like to finish the game and
until next time